Android: add info on language names (#326)
flodolo/documentation: src/products/android-l10n/updating_locales.md

One thing to note is that, once you merge the pull request adding or removing locales in the localization repository, automation will send that updated list over to the `mozilla-firefox` Android [code repository](https://github.com/mozilla-firefox/firefox/tree/main/mobile/android).

You can check the status of l10n imports by using this filtered [search](https://github.com/search?q=repo%3Amozilla-firefox%2Ffirefox+Import%2Btranslations%2Bfrom%2Bandroid-l10n&type=commits&s=committer-date&o=desc).

## Language names

English and native language names are used in the language switcher, but they’re not always available through CLDR.

For Firefox for Android there are two separate maps defined in [LocaleUtils.kt](https://searchfox.org/firefox-main/source/mobile/android/fenix/app/src/main/java/org/mozilla/fenix/utils/LocaleUtils.kt):

> * `LOCALE_TO_DISPLAY_NATIVE_NAME_MAP`. When adding a new locale, it’s generally safer to add the native language name in this map, given that different versions of Android support different versions of CLDR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `LOCALE_TO_DISPLAY_NATIVE_NAME_MAP`. When adding a new locale, the native language name should be added to this map. While not strictly required in all cases, given that different versions of Android support different versions of CLDR it's generally safer to add it.
```

We should word this with a clear recommendation. This way, it's easier to take action.

* `LOCALE_TO_DISPLAY_ENGLISH_NAME_MAP`. This is a map of language names in English. It’s not necessary to add a new locale in this map if the native and English names are identical.

> For Focus, there is a supplemental map defined in [LocaleDescriptor.kt](https://searchfox.org/firefox-main/source/mobile/android/focus-android/app/src/main/java/org/mozilla/focus/locale/screen/LocaleDescriptor.kt) (`fillLanguageCodeAndNameMap`). Unlike Firefox for Android, Focus falls back to Android’s built-in `locale.getDisplayName()` for locales not in this map. A new locale only needs to be added here if Android/ICU doesn’t know it — in practice, smaller languages that are not available in CLDR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Focus, there is a supplemental map defined in [LocaleDescriptor.kt](https://searchfox.org/firefox-main/source/mobile/android/focus-android/app/src/main/java/org/mozilla/focus/locale/screen/LocaleDescriptor.kt) (`fillLanguageCodeAndNameMap`). Unlike Firefox for Android, Focus falls back to Android’s built-in `locale.getDisplayName()` for locales not in this map. A new locale only needs to be added here if Android/ICU doesn’t know it — in practice, this usually affects smaller languages that are not available in CLDR.
```
